ACM#9621: Hosted control planes: Managing a node pool (#6122)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/hosted_control_planes/managing_nodepools_kubevirt.adoc

[#managing-nodepools-hosted-cluster-kubevirt]
= Configuring additional networks, guaranteed CPUs, and VM scheduling for node pools

> If you need to configure additional networks for nodepools, request a guaranteed CPU access for VMs, or manage scheduling of KubeVirt virtual machines (VMs), see the following procedures.

Reviewer: I checked IBM style guide and there were no mentions of how Virtual Machine should be referenced. Virtual Machine seems like it would be a common term to our audience so using the abbreviation after the first instance works here.
```suggestion
If you need to configure additional networks for node pools, request a guaranteed CPU access for Virtual Machines (VM), or manage scheduling of KubeVirt VM, see the following procedures.
```

[#add-multiple-networks-hosted-clusters-nodepool]
== Adding multiple networks to a node pool

> By default, nodes generated by a node pool are attached to the pod network. You can attach additional networks to the nodes by using Multus and link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/latest/rest_api/network_apis/networkattachmentdefinition-k8s-cni-cncf-io-v1.html[NetworkAttachmentDefinitions].

Reviewer: Update to link to be customer portal link: https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.14

I attempted to look through, but didn't locate the Network APIs

Author: The folder API reference seems to be absent in the customer portal. I too could not find the network APIs page. For now I removed the link.

. To add multiple networks to nodes, use the `--additional-network` argument, as shown in the following example:
+
----
shell linenums="1"
export CLUSTER_NAME=example
export PULL_SECRET="$HOME/pull-secret"
export MEM="6Gi"
export CPU="2"
export WORKER_COUNT="2"

hcp create cluster kubevirt \
--name $CLUSTER_NAME \
--node-pool-replicas $WORKER_COUNT \
--pull-secret $PULL_SECRET \
--memory $MEM \
--cores $CPU \
–additional-network name:<namespace/name> \ <1>
–additional-network name:<namespace/name>
----

> 

Reviewer: To help with alignment
```suggestion
+
```

<1> Set the value of the `–additional-network` argument to `name:<namespace/name>`. Replace `<namespace/name>` with a namespace and name of your NetworkAttachmentDefinitions.

[#guaranteed-cpus-hosted-clusters-nodepool]
== Requesting guaranteed CPU resources

By default, KubeVirt VMs might share its CPUs with other workloads on a node. This might impact performance of a VM. To avoid the performance impact, you can request a guaranteed CPU access for VMs.

. To request guaranteed CPU resources, set the `--qos-class` argument to `Guaranteed`, as shown in the following example:
+
----
shell linenums="1"
export CLUSTER_NAME=example
export PULL_SECRET="$HOME/pull-secret"
export MEM="6Gi"
export CPU="2"
export WORKER_COUNT="2"

hcp create cluster kubevirt \
--name $CLUSTER_NAME \
--node-pool-replicas $WORKER_COUNT \
--pull-secret $PULL_SECRET \
--memory $MEM \
--cores $CPU \
--qos-class Guaranteed
----

> 

Reviewer: What is expected to be displayed after the resource is updated?

Author: @davidvossel Can you help with the output displayed on the terminal or a verification step?

Reviewer 2: in both this case `--qos-class` and the `--vm-node-selector` case, the result of this command is that a new HCP cluster is being created. The verification of how to determine the health and progress of a new cluster is already covered here, https://github.com/stolostron/rhacm-docs/blob/48ed8e5317d09c7aff4db646bb4f96602ae3f8b9/clusters/hosted_control_planes/create_cluster_kubevirt.adoc?plain=1#L39

Author: Thanks for confirming!!

[#schedule-vms-hosted-clusters-nodepool]
== Scheduling KubeVirt VMs on a set of nodes

By default, KubeVirt VMs created by a node pool are scheduled to any available nodes. You can schedule KubeVirt VMs on a specific set of nodes that has enough capacity to run the VM.

. To schedule KubeVirt VMs within a node pool on a specific set of nodes, use the `--vm-node-selector` argument, as shown in the following example:
+
----
shell linenums="1"
export CLUSTER_NAME=example
export PULL_SECRET="$HOME/pull-secret"
export MEM="6Gi"
export CPU="2"
export WORKER_COUNT="2"

hcp create cluster kubevirt \
--name $CLUSTER_NAME \
--node-pool-replicas $WORKER_COUNT \
--pull-secret $PULL_SECRET \
--memory $MEM \
--cores $CPU \
--vm-node-selector labelKey1=labelVal1,labeKey2=labelVal2

> ----

Reviewer: Same suggestion, add what might be displayed from the screen or add a verification step

Author: @davidvossel Can you help with the output displayed on the terminal or a verification step?

Reviewer 2: see my response here, https://github.com/stolostron/rhacm-docs/pull/6122#discussion_r1494987956
